Updated documentation (#1982)
jplag/JPlag: docs/1.-How-to-Use-JPlag.md

## Viewing Reports

Starting with version 5.0 the report viewer is bundled in JPlag and can be used locally. This behavior can be controlled with the "--mode" option.
By default, JPlag will process the source files and produce a results.zip. After that the report viewer is started on localhost and the generated report will be shown in your browser.

By specifying "--mode RUN" JPlag will not open the report viewer and only generate the results.zip.
The option "--mode SHOW" will only open the report viewer. You can optionally provide the path to a report file to show immediately show it in the viewer, otherwise the viewer will require you to select a report just like the online version.

> An online version of the viewer is still hosted at: https://jplag.github.io/JPlag/. Drop your `result.zip` folder on the page to start inspecting the results of your JPlag run. Your submissions will neither be uploaded to a server nor stored permanently. They are saved in the application as long as you view them. Once you refresh the page, all information will be erased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An online version of the viewer is still hosted at https://jplag.github.io/JPlag/ in order to view pre-v6.0.0 reports. Your submissions will neither be uploaded to a server nor stored permanently. They are stored as long as you view them. Once you refresh the page, all information will be erased.
```
